`Names:` [FireAmber , Amber , Beowulf , Sun , Moonlight , Google Debunker/ref , Man Kisser]

`Pronouns:` [He/Him , They/Them , It/It's , Star/Star's , NO FEMINNE PRONOUNS (Unless Wisk or It's A Coping Link of Mine)]

---

`INFO:` [15 , American(I'm doomed) , Black , Omnisexual(Preference of Men(Gay)) , Trans (I Only Say Slurs I Can Reclaimed, Okay? Okay! And I make Sexual Jokes.]  [40+ Hidden pages on pt so I cant see most people (personal reasons/made me uncomfy or annoyed me)]  [Highly Apathetic and can get **REALLY** rude (sometimes it depends on my mood other than that I'm friendly.) Sometimes SOMETIMES empthatic (mostly when the situtation is sad and serious)]  [Please Correct me if I did something wrong, I can barely tell if it's not THATTT obvious.]  [Coping Link Switcher (Me And My Coping Links Switching(No, I'm not a SYSTEM and never will be. This is just a coping mechanism I made for myself.))]  [I ragebait and can be quite saracstic a lot.] [I BLOCK FREELY ^_^(quite litterally at maxium pages)]

---

`IWEC:` [SYSTEMS (I have no problems with them, systems are cool to me but an iccident accured with one(a problemantic undertale person) and I kind of want to avoid them unless we are already friends or cool with each other.(once again no hate to systems so don't get any wrong ideas COUGHSS))] [ANYONE FROM ANY FANDOM IM IN (i cant trust all of yall now espically dandys world ppl/undertale ppl)] [People with TOO many friends(kind of not trust worthy imo)] [Overly senstive ppl] [Homestuck ppl lowkey shouldve put this in my dni list bcs some of yall are VERY weird but i give chances.. ig.. might block/hide all of yall if we arent cool tbh] [People who know me irl (YIKES!!)] [Clingy or desperate ppl] [Christians (might block SOME of yall bcs of trauma(??) probably not trauma just hate or smth with my family's obessivion with god)]

---

`DNI:` [Under 11 DNI and over 19 DNI] [ANYONE WHO HATES kins, irls, mes, systems, and etc(fictkins and yk) WITHOUT a VALIDD VALIDD reason(like trauma or something)]  [DNI if you make any sexual jokes towards me or my coping links(will be immeditate block if already addressed or shown discomfort but when I say my coping links I don't mean you can't say sexual jokes about the character itself, just don't say it directly towards my coping links' face)]  [Anyone From my DNI(OR IWEC depending on what they did)/STAY AWAY list]  [THE "PRO TREE + ETC SPOT" IN SAFE SEVER!! Yall are child predators and yall are **DISGUSTING**. I don't care if you "don't condon it irl" yes you do. You know you do and you think hiding behind the screen with ur "fetishes" will keep you safe. Doing this shit in safe sever with minors is weird and always will be weird in general. You are not safe from your sins.] [PROSHIPPERs / DARK SHIPPERs / ETC . I usually don't condon death threats or anything, but yall need to go. Yall are disgusting and I hope you guys disappear from my sight. No like seriously I want yall gone. ^-^ I'm so kind, tehehe! (P.S. Block me if you want idrc just do it permantly. I better not catch you on my pixel poney swcreen :<)(P.S.P.S. I want to also state I am not talking about minor proshippers or darkshippers as they obviiously been groomed into thinking it's okay. If you are also activetly trying to better yourself/getting help(therapy) or are a minor of course you don't deserve to die and I genuinely hope you do get better from the trauma ^-^] [Reality Checkers(No one needs one unless their REALLY REALLY insane)]
